in Customers>Create BC Customer::
-add a settings in the Admin BC Integration where admin can set the group id and group name where the newly create acount will be adding instead of just the predefined "Verification Pending" customer group in BC. Add a testt button to verify that the added group id/group name exist in the bigcommerce store.

- add a dropdown that will be prefilled by the users full name and options to select from the app's users that will sync bigcommerce "What brought you to our site? (This will help us connect you to the correct sales team member)" field so that user who sign them up have a trail of who they signed up. And in the CRM, assign the "Primary Rep" of the account to user defined in the dropdown. Make this dropdown named "Signed up by"

In bigcommerce, in order to checkout, the customer must define a shipping address in the account addressbook. Add additional fields in the Create BC Customer to accept shipping address book and add an option to copy the already filled customer details and set it as the shipping address in the address book by having a checkbox that says "Copy details above to address book." or more concise description. When checkbox selected, the input field for the addressbook will be disabled and filled with the same details the user already input in the customer field.

Added to "Verification Pending" group automatically. Update this line so the group name is dynamic and will fetch what is defined in the admin page.

Create a new sub-module under Customers main module and put it next to Create BC Customer. Name this module "Submit Docs" and in that module, display this form in the page: 
https://www.cognitoforms.com/MidAtlanticDistribution1/PACTACT

Add another page/submodule under Customers that will list all the customer sign up created by all users. Add this page to RBAC so that admin can define if a user can access all sign up customer list of just their own sign up customer list. Name this module Signup List and put it at the bottom of the Customers module under "Store Credit"

In the dashboard
